Update register-server.adoc (#240)
mulesoft/docs-private-cloud: modules/ROOT/pages/register-server.adoc

include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> If you encounter a Mule runtime engine registration error when xref:runtime-manager::servers-create.adoc[creating a server in Runtime Manager], you may need to configure Mule to trust the TLS certificates you are using. 

Reviewer: may > might, per style ref.

Reviewer 2: got it

To do so:

. Get the public certificate for Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition.
. Add the certificate to the truststore of the JVM you are using for the Mule runtime engine.

> 

Reviewer: I also want to say that "you are using" (twice above) should be "you use," but don't feel particularly strongly about that....

> Using the following example, set `$ANYPOINT_DNS` to your DNS for Anypoint Platform Private Cloud Edition. Replace the keystore location and password for your JVM's truststore.

Reviewer: JVM need not be possessive (as an adjective rather than a noun)

----
$ keytool -printcert -sslserver $ANYPOINT_DNS:443 -rfc > /tmp/PCE_Certificate.cer
$ keytool -importcert -alias anypoint.my-company -keystore <path to keystore> -storepass changeit -file /tmp/PCE_Certificate.cer
----

> For more information about the CA cert truststore, refer to your JVM vendor's documentation. For example,  https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/security/java-security-overview1.html#GUID-EB29B931-D1DE-420B-849C-D731A8DF9CDC[Oracle documentation^].

Reviewer: I ran a search and did not see `certificate` abbreviated to `cert` except in the context of `cacert`?

> For more information about the CA cert truststore, refer to your JVM vendor's documentation. For example,  https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/security/java-security-overview1.html#GUID-EB29B931-D1DE-420B-849C-D731A8DF9CDC[Oracle documentation^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the CA certificate truststore, refer to your JVM vendor documentation: for example,  https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/security/java-security-overview1.html#GUID-EB29B931-D1DE-420B-849C-D731A8DF9CDC[Oracle documentation^].
```
